What comes to our head first, is of course how it can be used maliciously.. But before we get to that, we have to understand what Digital TWinnign is. I dont even
know that much about it, however, it doesnt take a dummy to connect the dots.... So lets begin.... Imagine you are in your home or your apartment.... Lets Assume
a 2 bedroom apartment.... What Do you see around you? How many differnt items, matericals, shapes, etc can you count in your own apartment? 100s, 1000s,(the 
reaillity is when they are mixed togehter it can be alot more then that? 
    Have you ever fell in ypur apartment? Tripped over a box? Fell over something stupid? Didnt see where you were going and hit your head? Well, guess what
    guys!! Nowadays we have 100s of companies involved in just this pursuit... well, selling this software to commercial businesss... So, let give you. guys a 
    quick example of how this digital twin can make one of the above outcomes I said happen... perhaps.... you like waking up for food at 2am? perhaps you 
    are a sucker for that late night raw dose of pure sugar... So you go in your kition, with the lights closed(variable one), your partner is distracting you
    by asking you why are yo ugetting up at 2am(variable 2), your partner makes you look(variable 3) away from where you are walking by referencing something she has in her
    hand or nightstand that is relevant to your late night scoop of ice cream...now lets ignore other variables like the floor, pets, if you spilled something
    and said you would pick it up in the morning.. and guess what... you fall over somethign you left near your hallway..(outcome),, So that is one very intersteing
    facet of digital twinning, which is taking into accpint your WHOLE ENVIRROMENT,(accoutning for variables and patterns that you never though of, using basic
    physics( force of an item, weight of aitem, volume,friction etc... as well various AI/ML(articial intellgience and machine learning tools,... as well as 
    psyvhoanalyzing you and your environment to best protect you for getting injured... Interesting software right? Now adays we hear counrties trying to
    twin cities, highways, etc.... Again, you are not living in a simulation(for all those other believers out there.. you are simply living in an artifically
    smart apartment, that can prevent you from falliug, possibly even.. saving some time..
    
    Now lets get to some pf what I see as threats and vulnerabilites in regards to this..(because im a sucker for a "evil" theoretical approach, not like
    it would ever be used(again Nasa started using it in the 80s to repliace exact enviroments of their astronaughts in space and use deiciosn making to tell
    them the BEST possible course of action... tata tatata.. here we are 40-50 years later... and boy have we evolved;... I have Heard people using Digital Twinning
    for Robotic outcomes before a speicfic machie is released all the way up to FNIRS AND EEG(Neurobiotenchology, clinical trials etc...) but again that is not releavant at the 
    moment..
    
